It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore. "Another Christmas has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books.
The consequences of our actions are always so complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a very difficult business indeed.
Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!
I have gone temporarily deaf and haven't any idea what you said, Harry
The fact that you can feel pain like this is your greatest strength.
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?
I don't need a cloak to become invisible.
I take my hat off to you — or I would, if I were not afraid of showering you in spiders.
Mysterious thing, Time. Powerful, and when meddled with, dangerous.
I would assume that you were going to offer me refreshment, but the evidence so far suggests that that would be optimistic to the point of foolishness.
That brings her total of real predictions up to two. I should offer her a pay rise…
The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution. However, I shall answer your questions unless I have a very good reason not to, in which case I beg you'll forgive me. I shall not, of course, lie.
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally the whole school knows.
Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic. Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it.
Alas! Earwax!
Curiosity is not a sin.... But we should exercise caution with our curiosity... yes, indeed.
Age is foolish and forgetful when it underestimates youth.
Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all, those who live without love
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
It is my belief that the truth is generally preferable to lies.
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.
Let us step out into the night and pursue the flighty temptress, adventure.
It does not do to dwell on Dreams and forget to live.
You think the dead we loved truly ever leave us? You think we don't recall them more clearly in times of great trouble?
We must try not to sink beneath our anguish ... but battle on.
This pain is part of being human. The fact that you can feel pain like this is your greatest strength.
